Refa: enhancement: enhance the prompt of related_question API (#6463)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/references/http_api_reference.md

    "message": "The agent doesn't own the session cbd31e52f73911ef93b232903b842af6"
}
```

---

### Related Questions

**POST** `/api/v1/conversation/related_questions`

> Generates 5-10 alternative questions based on the user's original query to improve search relevance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates five to ten alternative question strings from the user's original query to retrieve more relevant search results.

:::tip NOTE
The chat model determines the number of questions to generate, typically between five and ten.
:::
```
Spell out digits below ten.
